[roaring]
[pained groans]
Baran: When this
Dragon Crest shines,
my body is enveloped in
a current of life energy.
It is called
the Draconic Aura.
It's an unmatched
defensive ability-
that will repel any
kind of incantation.
Crocodine [thought]:
I see. That explains it.
When Dai's crest was shining,
his level of resistance
rose beyond my attack.
Baran: Now that I've fully
deployed my protective aura,
you'll find that in battle...
There is no creature
in the entire world
that can stand against me!
[gasps]
[pained roar]
Stop it!
[shocked breaths]
Now, my friend...
you can fight no longer.
P-Princess?
Go and help Dai.
Okay. I'm on it!
Leona [thought]:
So much damage...
So this is what
a Gigabreak does.
Dai, hang in there.
You're a Hero, aren't you?!
Baran: Surrender.
Popp: Hold it!
Popp, you can't...
What are you doing, boy?
If my Magic isn't going to work-
I'll have to use this thing!
You can't be that stupid.
Popp [thought]: I'm like
a frog staring down a snake.
I can barely move.
Baran: The reason
I defeated Crocodine
so thoroughly just now,
is because he's the type of
monster that's the
greatest threat to me.
Indeed, the Draconic Aura
will deflect any type of spell-
but a truly great force
may still be able
to pierce my defenses,
and deal fatal
damage to me directly.
Not very smart
of you, old man-
giving away your
weakness, just like that?
Baran: Young fool.
Crocodine is mighty.
A strike from a
weakling Mage like you
will be of no
consequence at all.
In fact, it might hurt
you more than it would me.
Popp [thought]:
I still have to try...
Don't do this, Popp!
Wait a minute.
Merle: But I-
I have to do
something. Popp is...
Popp is going to
get himself killed!
Merle, dear...
What about you?
Okay. Here goes!
Hey - Crocodine...
I told you, Popp. You just
leave this one to me.
You're in no
condition to fight.
I still have my left arm.
Don't lose hope, yet.
B-But...
Even though it might look
like I've been blinded,
I can still see
with my inner eye.
The inner eye that you...
You cleared for me.
I did?
Crocodine: That's right.
Back when we
fought in Romos...
You risked your
life to face me,
someone you
couldn't hope to beat.
You showed me the
greatness of humanity,
trusting and fighting
together, as one.
The one who cleared the filth
that was staining my heart...
Was you.
Know that.
Crocodine...
That's why I will
risk my life, as well.
Baran may be unbeatable,
but I couldn't call
myself your friend-
if I did nothing
to really stop him!
Popp [thought]:
Thank you, Big Guy...
But you don't have
to fight alone.
We will fight together.
Here we go, Baran.
This is my final attack!
You brute.
I've already dodged
your best attack.
But let's see what
you can do, anyway.
And I doubt that
you will dodge this.
Gigabreak?!
Baran: I held back earlier
when I used this on my son,
but I won't this time.
Though some might show
mercy on a former ally,
I cannot let anyone
praise humanity-
and allow them to survive!
His wrath has
overwhelmed him.
You mean he was
holding back before?!
I'll reduce you both to ashes!
It... It can't be.
No way! Looks like
Dai's back in the fight!
What? But how?
I cast a Fullheal.
He's at full stamina!
And what difference do you
really think it'll make?
You've just made it easier...
Easier to get all of you!
Now, Kazap!
Wh-What?! Impossible!
Crocodine, I need you to follow
my aim and then use that attack!
Got it!
Avan...
Strash!
Crocodine: I see it!
Beast King...
Redemption Blast!
Popp: You did it!
Crocodine!
Crocodine: It's
all right, Dai...
Your eye. What
did he do to it?
It's nothing. Don't worry
about this old beast.
Leona, we need you to
look at Crocodine's eye!
Leona: Got it!
Merle!
Merle: It's all right.
He has a cut on his eyelid.
Wait a second - what are you
still doing here, you two?
Well, I wanted us to run.
But this one here insisted
on staying and helping you.
They needed us
and I know how to perform all
the basic heal spells, too.
You should go.
Leave the healing
to Leona and run!
But, I...
The boy is right,
young lady.
Huh?
Maybe if it was anyone else-
but Baran is the deadliest
soldier in the entire Dark Army.
But, still...
After being hit by an
attack like that one...
I knew it!
He fully deployed
his Draconic Aura
to resist your
combined attack!
We are so doomed.
Avan Strash and Beast
King Redemption Blast
and he's completely undamaged.
What are we supposed to do?!
No, I think it worked!
Look!
He's hurt!
He's got the same red
blood... that we all do.
W-What?!
Baran [thought]:
Impossible.
They broke through
my Draconic Aura
and landed a
legitimate attack!
Even with help from his friends,
for such a small child...
But it wasn't just
his strength alone.
The power of his friends
had great influence.
Dai's comrades...
they risked their lives
and did everything they could.
In turn, his compassion
for them filled his heart,
and multiplied his power.
Unless that bond is broken,
Dai's might will
continue to grow.
He may even eventually
become a threat to me.
He's coming!
Crocodine, it looks like our
attacks had an effect after all.
In that case...
Indeed.
Either he's going to fall
or all of us will.
Let's keep fighting
and find out, shall we?
What a shame that the same
ploy won't work twice.
You're not going to be
able to evade my Gigabreak
with your pathetic
tricks again.
However, one can
never be certain.
The boy is capable of a
terrifying amount of potential.
And so now, I will use
all my remaining energy-
to destroy your
source of power.
His Aura's gone.
Now what is he up to?
[growling]
[roaring]
What... What's going on?!
It's acting on its own!
[pained groans]
What is that awful noise?!
The two Dragon Crests are
resonating with each other!
[pained groans]
My head... My head feels
like it's splitting!
Dai: Grampa Brass...
What are you doing here?
Gomechan...
and everyone home
on Dermline island?
[pained yell]
Why am I seeing
all of this?!
[roaring]
[pained yell]
Dai!
Leona: Hey...
Baran - What did you do?!
Baran: Taken what my
son no longer needs.
You did what?!
I've used... too
much of my strength.
For now, I will
have to retreat.
But I shall return to
reclaim Dino, my son.
Popp: Huh?
It's over? We won?
Leona: Dai!
Popp: Are you okay?
What a relief-
we were worried!
What's wrong? You look
confused or something.
W-Who are... you guys?
[shocked gasps]
What am I even doing
out here? It's cold.
Zaboera: Why did Baran leave
without finishing the fight?
That's odd.
He couldn't have given up.
Killvearn: [chuckling]
Interesting.
I got us all some food.
There's medicinal herbs and
other things we might need.
Thanks, Merle.
It's a real help.
But wasn't it hard with the
whole countryside in chaos?
No, it was the opposite.
Huh?
Everyone was shut inside,
or praying to the heavens.
I've never heard it so quiet.
Seriously?
After everything
that just happened?
That's the sort of place...
Teran Kingdom is.
It's all people
who know nothing
but to worship
and pray to the gods.
I guess you can't blame them.
I mean, we should be
doing a little praying
of our own right now.
How's it looking, Princess?
Well, Crocodine's
eye should heal.
But...
Gomechan: [sad chirps]
Dai: You're cute,
little guy.
What's your name?
[hopeful chirp]
Come here. Why
don't we be friends?
[saddened chirp]
Hey, what's wrong?
Why are you crying?
[tearful chirping]
It's total amnesia.
Are you sure about that?
When Baran...
Said that he took something
that Dai doesn't need,
I think he meant...
Dai's memories
that make him human.
So...
You're saying that was a
spell that takes memories away?
No, it wasn't.
It was probably
an attack using
the resonance of
the Dragon Crests.
He focused all of his energy and
funneled it into Dai's brain.
Dai was too young to
handle Baran's energy
and was overwhelmed by it.
As a result, his
memory was erased,
leaving his mind
like a blank slate.
[chuckling]
Merle: Can he be cured?
Don't know.
But right now,
Dai is like an infant.
If Baran were...
to attack us again...
Leona: Forget that!
What's more
important than that...
Is now every memory of us that
Dai kept in his head... is gone!
Dai, tell me.
Do you not
remember anything?
Have you really
forgotten my face?
Why does... Why does
everyone keep calling me Dai?
Is that, like...
my name or something?
Leona: That's right!
You're Dai.
You lived on Dermline
Island with monsters,
and you dreamed
of being a Hero!
And that's where...
That's where you
and I first met.
Dermline Island...
A Hero...
[pained grunts]
Oh no...
My head...
I-It hurts so bad!
Here, pal. Let's try
this on for size.
Oh, thank you... M-mister.
Why, you...
Have you even forgotten
my name, too? Huh?!
What about Master Avan,
after he sacrificed
himself to save our lives?!
Well?!
What are you doing?!
You're hurting me!
Popp, stop it! Right now!
That's enough, Popp!
Come on!
Take it. Take this sword...
and you remember it.
Remember your
greatest attack!
No, I... I can't do
that. I have no idea!
Popp: I know you can!
You mastered the Avan Strash-
something even
a genius swordsman
like Hyunckel
wasn't able to do.
Your brain may not remember,
but your body must!
No, let go of me
-swords are scary!
Popp: Do it! Do it now!
Whether it's Earth
Slash or Wave Slash...
Just do it!
[sobbing]
Dai: That man is scary.
He's bullying me!
[sobbing]
Popp [thought]:
It's hopeless.
With Dai like this...
When Baran attacks again...
We'll be powerless!
Dai: [sobbing]
Oh, Popp...
Dai: [sniffling]
All right, Dai. Let's go.
Dai: Huh?
Hadlar: Where
the hell is Baran?!
First he fails to capture Dai,
and now he hasn't reported back.
I knew that we should never
have left this task to him!
Killvearn: No, that
was a brilliant move.
Cutting the bond between
Dai and his friends
has rendered him useless.
And now it's...
Checkmate.
The next battle
will be one to see.
I'm sure Baran is gathering
all the forces he can.
Do you mean...
Heyedra: Alert! Alert!
Heyedra: We've located Baran.
Where is he?
Heyedra: The southern
tip of Bengarna Kingdom.
He's been recuperating
at Argo Point.
Hadlar: What's he playing at?
Heyedra: Showing now...
Zaboera: What are those
three colored bonfires?
Hadlar: He's summoning
the Dragon Masters.
Oh? And what are they?
Baran is already unmatched
with his army of dragons,
so it's not widely known,
but he also has
three powerful servants
called the Dragon Masters.
I summon you, masters
of the Three Disciplines.
It is time for the Dragon
Legion... to go to battle!
Hadlar: The Dragon Masters
are powerful Dragon Riders
who control beasts
of land, sea, and sky.
When they gather
together under Baran,
their destructive force...
defies the imagination.
And they are his servants?!
Killvearn: He's pulling
out all the stops.
So much for your
chances, Hadlar.
There you are. Very good.
[roaring]
Galdandy: Member
of the Dragon Masters,
Sky Rider Galdandy is here!
[roaring]
So has Sea Rider
Borahorn, King of the Sea!
Land Rider Larhart,
at your service.
Awaiting... your command.
Narrator: The three Dragon
Masters assemble under Baran,
and together they head to
Teran Kingdom to reclaim Dai.
Meanwhile, our Hero
remains without his memory,
and the rest of his
party begins to crumble.
But as Baran's
merciless forces close in,
Popp decides
to take a stand.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Dragon
Masters Approach".